Logging: Restore and enhance legacy logging docs (#135093)
elastic/kibana: docs/setup/upgrade/logging-configuration-migration.asciidoc

[[logging-configuration-migration]]
== Logging configuration migration

[float]
=== Prepare for logging in 8.0

> The entire logging system changed to offer a more consistent logging behavior with {es}. The current system differs from the more simplistic, deprecated system and allows you the freedom to customize what, how and where {kib} outputs log messages. While for logging based use cases, we recommend the <<logging-service, logging service guide>>, there are some important considerations:

Reviewer: nit: Maybe specifically call out `log4j 2` here?

> The entire logging system changed to offer a more consistent logging behavior with {es}, which uses the popular `log4j 2` for managing logs.

Reviewer: nit: For whatever reason my brain isn't grokking this line: 

> While for logging based use cases, we recommend the <<logging-service, logging service guide>>, there are some important considerations

Not super sure what you intended here, but maybe something like this?

> The best place to learn about the new logging system is our logging service guide. However, there are some important considerations when you are working from migrating from the old to the new system:

Author: I was trying to say that we recommend going through the logging migration guide if you rely on Kibana logging. Your wording is clearer, thanks!

> The entire logging system changed to offer a more consistent logging behavior with {es}. The current system differs from the more simplistic, deprecated system and allows you the freedom to customize what, how and where {kib} outputs log messages. While for logging based use cases, we recommend the <<logging-service, logging service guide>>, there are some important considerations:

Author: ```suggestion
The entire logging system changed to offer a more consistent logging behavior with {es}, which uses the popular log4j 2 for managing logs. The current system differs from the more simplistic, deprecated system and allows you the freedom to customize what, how and where {kib} outputs log messages. The best place to learn about the new logging system is our logging service guide. However, there are some important considerations when you are  migrating from the old to the new system:
```

[float]
==== Mixing deprecated and current configurations

> {kib} supports mixed usage of the deprecated and current logging configuration styles, however, we recommend changing them all at once to reduce the risk of the systems interfering.

Reviewer: nit: or maybe "to reduce the risk of confusion that may arise from conflicting configs"?

> {kib} supports mixed usage of the deprecated and current logging configuration styles, however, we recommend changing them all at once to reduce the risk of the systems interfering.

Author: ```suggestion
{kib} supports mixed usage of the deprecated and current logging configuration styles, however, to reduce the risk of confusion that may arise from conflicting configurations, we recommend changing over to the new system all at once.
```

[float]
==== Rotating log files

> If you use log rotation, be careful when mixing deprecated and current configuration styles as it could lead to unexpected behavior. For example, one system could apply the log file rotation while the other still writes to the original file. Rather switch over to the current system completely.

Reviewer: grammar nit:
```suggestion
If you use log rotation, be careful when mixing deprecated and current configuration styles as it could lead to unexpected behavior. For example, one system could apply the log file rotation while the other still writes to the original file. Rather, switch over to the current system completely.
```

[float]
==== Service scripts

> If you are using the service scripts (`kibana.service`), be aware that the deprecated `logging.dest` configuration might be set via CLI options in the `kibana.service` declaration. When `logging.dest` is set in the service scripts, {kib} will continue to write log messages to the "old" file. To switch over to the current logging system, remove the `logging.dest` CLI argument from `/etc/systemd/system/kibana.service` and run `systemctl daemon-reload`.

Reviewer: nit for clarity:
```suggestion
If you are using the systemd service scripts (`kibana.service`), be aware that the deprecated `logging.dest` configuration might be set via CLI options in the `kibana.service` declaration. When `logging.dest` is set in the service scripts, {kib} will continue to write log messages to the "old" file. To switch over to the current logging system, remove the `logging.dest` CLI argument from `/etc/systemd/system/kibana.service` and run `systemctl daemon-reload`.
```

Author: ooh, nice catch!

[[logging-configuration-migration]]
== Logging configuration migration

[float]

> === Prepare for logging in 8.0

Author: Adds an overview section with specific things to watch out for.
